So I think everyone here knows me. My
name is Doug. You can find me software
Doug everywhere. Uh even on the Pelon
you can find me software Doug. And my
quest in life is to figure out how
search works. And I still have not
completed that quest. I'm figuring it
all out still as we go. And part of that
I think that is a interesting field is
this agentic search space that is now
emerging. Uh I do a lot of consulting
and so people ask me about this and this
has become in the last 3 to 6 months
maybe topic number one of should we do a
gentic search in some way and so I'm
going to talk about what it is today
like why this is important why people
are coming to me as specific kinds of
problems I would say are coming to me as
a consultant to try to figure out why
these things matter and then sort of
like what that actually looks like when
you're getting nitty-gritty under the
hood, what the code actually looks like.
And uh Hugo will share this out, but
there some of the the code you'll see
here. You'll see there's a notebook, a
collab notebook. I think we're still
allowed to look at code and dork around
with notebooks. Uh that's still allowed
in this AI coding age. I deem it allowed
because my name is software Doug. And so
>> is I will link to that in the Discord
right now, but I'm going to get my I'm
going to get Codeex to look at it for
me, I think. Okay. Yeah. Don't look at
it yourself.
>> Your eyes will It's like the Ark of the
Covenant. Your eyes will burn.
>> Uh we need something to like interpret
this for us. Anyway, so yeah. So I'm
going to talk get into the nitty-gritty
of what it looks like. This is the kind
of thing and I actually have a blog post
I'm sure that Hugo can share about how
to write your own agentic loop in 40
lines or so of Python. It's not that
hard. And then we're going I'm going to
spend a little bit of time talking about
how we improve the quality of agentic
search and what that looks like and I'll
leave just on a note of where things
some emerging cool things that I'm
seeing out there now because this is the
kind of space that in two months will
look completely different. Uh so why
agentic search matters. So in search
there's kind of two ends of the
spectrum. On the one end of the
spectrum, you have kind of your I guess
you would say Amazon search or some kind
of like passive uh I would say
information retrieval. On the far far
end of that spectrum, you have
recommener systems. People aren't even
conscious of what they're what they're
doing. And the way I like to think about
it is Daniel Conorman, the famous
behavioral researcher, talks about
system one and system two thinking. And
system one is your sort of passive
instinctual way of thinking about
things. Uh, and that comes up a lot if
you're dealing with recommener systems.
If you're looking at YouTube of what to
watch and you're looking at a feed,
there's a lot of reasons social media
sites kind of get at our some of our
worst instincts uh because of those
feeds that are just driven by
engagement. And that's like very on the
passive side. Then on the very active
side, I would say I you have people who
know exactly what they want. They could
write a paragraph about what they wanted
if you if you asked them to. And a lot
of these people are people who search
for their job. There are people like I
see Brian Peterson here who is a
renowned recruiter in the search space.
There recruiters are some of the most
skilled at for a long time at least. I
don't know how if the space has changed
with all the new search tools a lot of
times like their whole thing was like
building these complicated boolean
expressions of like I'm looking for the
ideal candidate that looks in like this
and building it sort of like this sort
of shape of a candidate and like getting
a good set of candidates and then you
have probably what most of us do when we
go to Amazon which I sort of have over
here from the search perspective. I
think at one point when I was putting
this together, I was looking for a
Bender poster for my kid because he
likes Futurama. I sort of know what I
want, but as I look at the search
results, I'm discovering what I want.
And this side is interesting because a
lot of times we do strike out and we are
learning from the search results what's
important. But today, I'm going to talk
mostly about this far side because I
think that's where a lot of this agentic
stuff comes at. Yeah, I think I I
started talking about a lot of these
things. Yeah, there's a lot of discovery
in in this search. Taste profiles are
sort of like this, too. You identify
with a with a category and you're like,
"Oh, that's interesting. I maybe I do
like gothic romances or something." So,
you're discovering what you want as
you're searching. Yeah. And then we have
a lot of just active search very people
who search for my job, searching for
your job. There is a class of people
legal researchers, financial
researchers, legal discovery, medical
researchers uh that whose whole job is
around searching B2B e-commerce. You
know, you have a detailed explanation of
specification of what you want to find.
So, one thing I could do if I was
aentifying this, if I did have a full
specification, one thing that happens is
you get these like, it's funny, LinkedIn
literally relaunched their search
recently. It's not an agentic search,
but this is me frustrated with the
having to gather in a traditional search
tool all of these. Like I could spell
out what I wanted in an ideal job in a
paragraph if I wanted to, but I have to
like break apart my search into lots of
different individual keyword searches.
And what I'm doing here, I'm using an AI
browser. So you could imagine if I'm
like a job seeker may be one of these
people who they don't have a job so
they're they may not have a job so
they're actively searching for their job
they I'm specifying some very detailed
requirements in here of a
Charlottesville job or remote friendly
has some search uh or Java expertise
and I'm trying to detail that to the
agent in my browser Java job dear
Charlott hybrid working environment good
work life balance and the whole promise
of agent authentic search is, you know,
this is being driven by the by one of
the AI browsers to do this for me. Why?
It's but this is a clunky experience. So
maybe someone like LinkedIn or you know
another job search site could build an
experience that's doing this natively
that's helping me sort of explore what
this looks like. And you can see,
imagine this. There are financial tools,
there are recruiting tools where people
have to take a very complicated thing
from their head and spell out two or
three keywords, find what they want,
bookmark one thing, save it off in a
spreadsheet, and continue that loop. But
that loop probably could be automated by
an agent. Yeah. And this is just Yeah.
This is repeating the same thing. This
is basically what you have to do now.
Like I'm gradually, you can imagine if
you're job hunting, you're building a
spreadsheet of this stuff. So, one thing
this makes that's interesting about
agentic search, it's often very powerful
for these use cases where I I want to
find I don't want to leave I want to
leave no stone unturned like exhaustive
search. I don't want to I want to not
like just make sure I've got everything
covered. And sometimes traditional
search isn't that's not necessarily what
it's focused on. Yeah. Specifying a
complex request. uh a agents if you
notice here when if you were following
that what agents are doing is they're
able to analyze results and reformulate.
So one thing that makes an agent just to
maybe take a step back because I
probably should have had a slide on
this. What makes an agent really
different than a just a traditional rag
system or an LLM based system? Agents
can look at something and reason can use
tools. In this case the tool is driving
a browser. They can use the tool, see
the output, and then they can reason
about what they saw, change, realize
they made a mistake and reformulate and
do that the next search. We sort of do
this ourselves when we're searching. We
will issue a search. It's if you a very
common thing sometimes people think more
searches is bad, but search is very much
a conversation. Sometimes if the
traditional search bar, we are issue a
search realize that oh, I type backpack.
Oh, what I really want is a a backpack
that fits a laptop that it could I can
fit some clothes into and is like rugged
and stuff and can hold a water bottle.
And then you type in some more search
queries and the agent sort of does that
for us. So, how do we structure a this
search and exploration loop? Well, uh,
everything I just told you where we're
sending It's funny because I started
describing my task as earlier I was
like, I have a very complicated job
search task. I could write it out in a
paragraph. I'm breaking it down into
four or five keyword searches. I'm
passing almost like passing all of this
knowledge through a tiny pinhole straw
to the search back end. And then the
search backend has to like do break this
is like all the things that if you ask a
search person how do we build a relevant
search solution they'll say well we have
to understand the query we have to maybe
we have to apply some business rules
like oh if they mention we don't want
Ashley brand or if they mention purple
next to a mattress that probably means
it's a it's not it's a brand not a color
uh which is a common thing in the US
maybe there's some embedding backend and
a BM25 backend we're like taking apart
that those like two words we get from
that full paragraph and trying to
reexplode it into something that makes
sense and adding all this technological
complexity. For a gentic search, we're
just going to chuck that because the
agent really it's what it's doing is it
has a par it's going to have a paragraph
narrative of what we want ideally and
it's going to be able to use tools to be
able to retrieve from the back end
reason about what it found against that
entire paragraph because it has access
to like all of that language and decide
to what next step to take on the search.
So agents like I said come with two big
features. They come with the tool usage
in this case a search tool and they come
with reasoning. Uh they come with the
ability to change their mind. And if you
think about this for a second, if you
know anything about how coding agents
work, one of the the superpowers they
have is they are really good at using
GP. And Grep is kind of I joked half
jokingly, can I build a semantic search
solution with just GP and like a bunch
of files laid out in a file system? I
don't know if that's that's either half
crazy or it's half brilliant. I don't
know. But GP is great. Agents know how
to build regular expressions. They know
how to GP a file system and these kinds
of things. And what's really powerful
about it is there is a very clear
relationship between a stimulus I put in
this regular expression and a response.
Oh, obviously these three things match
this regular expression. And so when we
build search tools that for agentic
search agents to reason about, we focus
on this. We often just want to give it
as a baseline, just give it the dumbest
search tool that you can find. In this
case, often a lot of my training and
things that I do, I just work with a
BM25 search. BM25 is a dumb keyword
search and agents can take that and
reason about, oh, this one didn't this
use of these keywords to solve this
problem didn't quite give me the answers
I needed. So, let me analyze the
response and maybe issue a new keyword
search because there's so much
transparency in keyword search. It's
like obviously I put this keyword in I
will get this result back that agents
can understand and manipulate how to use
that tool in a more optimal way. Um I
have a blog post on how I just just
plugging reasoning to a basic BM25 is
like the basic lexical scoring system
that's been around for 25 30 years now
that's uh if you have that with
reasoning you can improve the your
search metrics by 15 to 30%. just with a
reasoning loop, which is of course not
feasible for that search bar search that
has to be really fast yet. Maybe one day
it will be uh but for a lot of us it is
uh for this kind of chat loop. It's
amazing how much it's simp how much a
simple search tool can just be augmented
with agentic reasoning.
>> So Doug, I've just linked to that
wonderful post in Discord. Greg just has
a quick question if you could speak a
bit more to the limitations of Grep and
file file system search if you have any
concrete examples.
>> Oh uh well the most important thing with
GP and file system search is it doesn't
do any ranking. So that's where it
breaks down. If you have with a if you
have a file system laid out like in some
rational I think in my training I do
this with a category subcategory file
folder system and then at the very at
the subcategory level there's like text
files with like a bunch of e-commerce
products and I'm like go GP and CD into
these directories and spin up sub agents
per directory to see what you can find.
The big limitation there's two
limitations with that. One is it assumes
that everything's everything is neatly
categorized into and in obvious ways
which in a lot of data sets that's not
the case. And two, there are some there
are things that there are things that
transcend multiple categories. And the
nice thing about a ranked search over
that nicely organized order system to
get if you want to if you get the 10
most relevant things, it's going to cut
through all those. It's not so going to
be scoped to a to a file or a folder.
It's going to give you, oh, there's uh
you want a geometric sofa, geometric
style sofa. Well, there's five in the
furniture category. There's two that are
in the bargain bin category for some
reason. And there's three over in the
patio furniture that are like patio
couches. So, that's one advantage of
that. You're kind of cutting through
that organizational system.
>> Great. Thank you.
>> Any other questions? That's it for the
time being and just if anybody has more
questions, put them in Discord and we'll
get to them at the end of the
presentation.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, uh we have this is the
reasoning loop and this can take you
really far. I'm not doing anything
that's training to the data set. This is
the actually yeah this oh I have the
link to the blog post right here. Uh
these were the two data sets. WNS is a
Wayfair annotated data set that's really
nice because it's easy. It fits. It's
like 50,000 documents. easy to play
with. ESI is a much larger Amazon
e-commerce data set of several million
e-commerce products. And DCG here is
just a comparison of ranking quality,
how close you are to the ideal ranking
across the queries that are available.
So that's a lot of fun. So let's talk
about what actually happens step by step
in the code. You often start what does
this actually look like in code? And
this is like I want to emphasize
something that I tell people all the
time. This is an open design space.
Calling something a best practice right
now is maybe a bit shaky at best. There
are maybe better practices or things
that patterns that we have learned that
seem to work. But uh your ideas are very
welcome when you look at this code. I I
want you to think about it. So this is
the classic setup for calling an LM. We
have a system prompt and we have a or a
user prompt. uh system prompt is kind of
telling it to go and do some search and
we have some inputs these this inputs
array is just the context and we build
up the context as we call uh open AAI
this is the traditional way of calling
open AI this is not agentic yet I mean
actually there would be maybe reasoning
and responding to the output but there's
no tools for it to call and people at
this point will say well if I want to
give it tools I obviously need to stand
up an MCP server and all of these
Uh, and I generally like MCP is kind of
a tool of a tool, a technique of last
resort for me. I prefer instead if I'm
working with this API, I can actually
tell OpenAI what the tool signature is
that I expect. So what I do is I add a
parameter. This is a special syntax that
of tool usage that we give the LLM to
give OpenAI. I tell it there's search
furniture and in the notebook I have a
convenient way of turning a Python
function getting its name and getting
its the doc string and turning that into
a uh something I can pass in metadata
over to the to OpenAI. I get that in
here. I can also get I also tell it what
the parameters look like of this
function. Uh and here there's keywords
and it is a string. A title is the name
of this parameter. It get is the title
of this thing is keywords. It's string.
It's required and so on. Uh and this is
just if you know pyantic or you which if
you know JSON schema, it's the same kind
of thing. If you've ever used structured
outputs, it's how you force the LLM to
conform to a certain data schema with
how it interacts. Yeah. So that's what
the tools look like. We have to tell the
agent what tell OpenAI in this call that
there are tools available for it to use.
And then what OpenAI is going to do,
what the model is going to do is
respond. And some of the responses are
going to be of this item type function
call which is OpenAI's way of saying I
think anthropic trademark tool usage or
something and OpenAI calls it function
calls but those are kind of in
interchangeable terms and kind of hidden
here but if you want to go in the
notebook and see how this works there's
some helper code that helps out all with
this annoying serialization and
deserialization but we see the tool name
and we probably see that it's search
furniture. So we look up that tool, we
call it, we get a response. Also hidden
is the serialization back into a JSON
form that it can understand. And we just
add that back to our context. It's
marked with the ID of the tool call that
came through. It's marked with some
other metadata so that the agent can
recognize it. But we're just building up
this context of, oh, you wanted me to
call these tools. Well, here are the
responses of these tools. Let me just
keep adding those.
And yeah, that's what the call looks
like or function call and we just call
it back with the tools. Now it's just
appended to this inputs. Notice every
time we also we're continually append
the output. So this is a classic. We put
this in a loop and we loop until there's
no more tool calls and then we can look
at the output and see oh what were the
search results that the LLM thought were
best. This is the classic most inner
tool calling loop of the agentic world.
Uh, and it's the core, I would say, Lego
piece of the everything that's sitting
out there. So, any questions on that?
>> We're good.
>> Cool. So, uh, I want to give you a taste
of how to improve this stuff because you
can go pretty far with that. The
challenge becomes
getting a higher quality signal. And
there are cases where an LLM's
understanding of your domain is not your
understanding of a domain. So an LLM
might not understand a furniture domain.
Uh a classic example I run into when I
talk to people about LLM query
understanding in my course is the idea
of a a purple mattress or sorry that's
that LM generally understand that
actually a beastro table. So in the US
sometimes when people talk about beastro
tables they actually want patio
furniture and it's rarely I'm opening a
restaurant where I'm going to need a
beastro table like a table for beastro.
Beastro tables and tables for beastro
are actually two very different things
it turns out and LLMs won't necessarily
understand that. And with query
understanding we can sort of like you
shot some rules in here and tell it
about the exceptions it needs to think
about. Um, but what we do when we're
doing an agentic search experience and
it we give it that query to find beastro
tables or whatever, we need to hack in
some extra capabilities. Uh, yeah, this
is exactly that these are not useful for
a restaurant. If we had a human in the
loop that was inspecting the results, a
human that could tell the LLM, I don't
want a table for a restaurant. I want a
table for my patio. And often you've
probably talked to chat GPT and had
those exact conversations about
something it misunderstands. And what we
can do though is often in search, we can
add a loop. Here's the agentic loop we
just built. We can actually add another
loop that I think of as the harness
loop. I think the term harness is
defined as lots of things right now. But
the harness loop interacts with the
users and most importantly validates the
outputs. It can restart the agentic, it
can restart the context if it wants to.
But validating the output is what we
care about here. And validating the
output could mean anything from like
here's kind of what the harness look
loop might look like while you know you
might have a stopping condition while if
it's invalid then we sort of mark it as
invalid and force the basically call
this agent again with a message saying
like you returned a bunch of irrelevant
results. So earlier I was talking about
doing this in a human in the loop way.
Now, we might be able to add a feedback
mechanism that's automated that
basically cuz this is all just building
text that's going to get added to our
context that could say, "Hey, I'm the
user. I hated these search results." And
we luckily already have in this giant
search stack I threw in the trash some
components that help evaluate whether
search results are relevant for a query.
There are you could have a sub agent
that's an LLM as a judge. That's another
thing that is a buzzword out there. we
could maybe do. We also just have
traditional search rankers that know uh
whether or not how relevant an item is
for a query. Literally classifying a a
document as relevant or not or relevant
mediocre relevant and so on. And so we
could have a a validator that says
something like if it's relevant, hey,
this makes me happy. If it's not
relevant, tell the agent this is not
making me happy. And maybe the validator
forces it to keep going. In this case,
it's like forcing it to keep going until
everything is relevant. But you you
could also do like have an acceptable
criteria or make it try three times.
It's kind of the classic tryh harder
meme about agents and coding agents.
That's another thing you could do. And
this kind of just looks like this. I
want a beastro table some search
results. And now instead of the human
responding, we have the model
responding. No, this makes me unhappy.
So why is this why do I call this
reinforcement learning in context? Well,
if you think about reinforcement
learning with human feedback, the
classic way of training models, what
that is are lots of examples of like an
agent going along or an LLM going along
and there's something where an agent is
un a human is unhappy and that the LLM
works really hard to please the human.
Like we all know that LLMs can be
sickopantic. And so I think of like the
agent as a thing that really badly wants
to please the user. So when we tell the
user we're not happy, it's going to
work. Like literally when we say work
harder, that is kind of a I didn't like
that, work harden, that is a kind of
reinforcement learning. We're kind of
guiding it away from these things that
it saw didn't that didn't work out and
guiding it towards things that are here
are some things that actually work that
actually are relevant. So try harder to
fill this context more with things that
are relevant. So beastro table, all
these beastro tables that are for my
restaurant are making me unhappy. Find
things that actually like have to do
with patio furniture. Yeah. And that's
basically it. So that's that's the
general vibe and sense of this. This is
like really just dipping your toe in the
water of this stuff. And this is a
massive world and it really gets into I
think a lot of the cool stuff that we're
seeing with uh if we to take this even a
step higher level a lot of the stuff
we're seeing with like open claw and
these kinds of things. So we have a
challenge with long running agents. If
we have an agent that's like rear
restarting 100 times a day to go and
find the best uh Java developers in the
world or whatever, that's something. And
we were having these agents scour the
web and we have to make sure that it
doesn't repeat work that it's always
trying to find new things and be
creative about going in new different
places. We have to have guardrails in
place around our tools. Like tools can
have errors to tell the agent you're
like you've already been here try again
try something different. We also have to
encourage summarize the state of the
world and like here are the things that
you've tried and haven't tried in a way
of doing compaction that helps the agent
sort of like not repeat itself as well
and guide it to reason about what's
useful and what's not useful. So that's
that's a big thing and currently where I
mostly leave my course at right now is
like how do we design these longrunning
agents. The other thing that's really
just emerging and I feel like in the
last month has I know it's older than I
believe it's older than that but in the
last month it's really been talked about
a lot is this idea of recursive language
models and the cool one of the cool
things about something like open claw it
can generate its own code and execute it
and that's one reason it was able to
like call its call its creator and tell
it something over over voice through
there was this crazy story that he tells
about like it getting a skill for having
how to make voice calls and then
building code that does that to send a
message to the uh to to the creator. And
if you you can also take that further.
So there's agents that generate code
that does some work which could be
useful for search agents. There's even a
further thing where it's like what if
agents had absolutely no what if these
LMs LM have this this problem if you're
doing these long tasks of having
unbounded context of like just having
huge context rot problems right I'm
running out of context. Well, what if
and we stopped got rid of this idea of
context entirely and all of the
information that had happened so far in
this agent's life lived in like a
imagine a Python variable and the only
tool that one of the tools the agent had
was the ability to run Python code to
look and inspect that variable for what
it needed. So, it's kind of a way of
searching within its own context. Then
if you finally take that the even
crazier direction, it's like well
context just becomes and the entire
world including my search index that I'm
building just becomes like how is that
any different than any other context.
I've said a lot of things and I know
probably I I may have if I lost you
earlier this will definitely lose you.
But I do think some of these things are
some of the cooler directions that are
heading we're heading that are really
going to impact how we do search in the
future, especially with chat
environment.
>> Well, Doug, I I love how you really
showed us state-of-the-art and how to
build aic search experiences today and
why they're so useful. I do think the
future music you suggested and what's
happening now is really important. And
I, you know, you mentioned open core,
right? And one way that it deals with
context and memory very cleverly is
markdown files, right? and it has daily
daily memory and then it will compact it
into monthly memory after a month and
these not quite well it is a compaction
and as we've seen the return of text
files of course has been incredibly
wonderful with with the advent of agent
skills and all of these types of things
as well the other thing to your point
I've been chatting with my open claw on
telegram sent him a voice message he
didn't reply for a bit and I said what's
up and he said oh I realized I didn't
have um speech to text so I'm just
downloading whisper give me a
Uh and then he started responding to my
voice messages as as such. So
>> Oh, cool.
>> Yeah, we do have
>> That's crazy.
>> It is really I mean there are some
wilder things as well. We do have a
couple of questions. Let's let's take
one now and then we can answer the other
one in Discord. BMD has a has a cool
question. Are there any agent frameworks
such as pedantic AI that feel well
aligned to building agentic search?
Alternatively, is there enough lift from
creating a domain specific agentic
framework targeting search? Do you think
>> creating a framework is interesting? I
will be honest. I haven't kept up with a
lot of the framework stuff. I feel like
it changes a lot.
>> Yeah, I've always
had I've always built my own stuff
talking to the model providers directly.
So, I don't have a good answer to that.
I kind of I should learn more about the
like pyantic AI. I've heard good things
about pyantic AI. And what's great about
that is so much of what I do is plumbing
of pyantic types around anyway. It does
make me curious about that.
>> Yeah.
>> So yeah, I don't I don't really know. Uh
but I there could be you know an agentic
search specific thing could be
interesting.
>> Totally. And I do think paidantic of
course is you know as Jason Leu gave a
talk on pyantic is all you need but all
of these this universe integrates really
well with the observability at logfire
and and those types of things. There are
lots of other frameworks but I do I have
found you don't want to adopt these
things prematurely and handrolling what
you need at the start and then adopting
mindfully uh because you will be
building on them
>> as well. If we could just go
>> my my generic my generic answer to all
of this stuff is what is your team
comfortable with because I get asked
this about like search engines for
example should I use elastic search or
should I use Vespa these are all like
search technologies out there should I
just use Postgress and I always say like
the number one thing by far is like what
is your team comfortable with and uh the
rest we'll figure out right that's the
biggest thing
>> absolutely so we have a couple more
questions we'll get to them in Discord
because we will need to wrap up in a
minute. If you wouldn't mind just going
to the next slide, Doug, we have a few
more sessions coming up. Um, so next
week I'm actually doing um a build your
own openclaw from scratch with Ivan Leo
who until recently was at Manis and um
so that's going to be a really fun
session. We're going to start with an
empty repository and build a coding
agent and then connect it to a bunch of
things. Bring your coding environment
and bring a container as well because
it's going to get wild. Then I'm doing
one with Abby Morgan at Comet on the
agentic life cycle and observability
with OPIC. The one I'm most excited
about is called F agents. Let's build a
workflow instead that I'm doing with the
one, the only Doug Turble. There is so
of course agents are incredibly
important and incredibly useful for
applications such as search. Our our
thesis here is though a lot of things
don't need agents. uh and workflows can
perform a lot better and they're far
more easy to evaluate and observe
particularly uh when you modularize them
in pipelines. So we'll be talking about
agents there but also why and how you
should be building uh workflows more
generally. And just the final slide,
Doug, if you wouldn't mind. As I
mentioned at the start, uh Stephan
Crowick at Salesforce and I um are
starting our to teach our final cohort
of building AI applications for data
scientists and software engineers on
March 10, Australia time. That's March 9
almost everywhere else in the world. So,
I probably should update the slide. Goes
for 4 weeks. Uh we've got eight 2-hour
hands-on sessions, weekly builder clubs,
lots of expert practition practitioners
such as Doug, Sebastian Rajka. You get
access to actually four all four cohorts
of previous guest talks which is now
like probably 80 hours of content from
people like Hamill Hussein, Shrea
Shanka, Jason Leu, and and so on. And we
have lots of compute credits, 500 and
and counting. I'll shoot an email
afterwards. If you signed up, you'll get
it. But love to offer you 25% off with
this code. And feel free to get in touch
on Discord or via email with any
questions you have about that. Finally,
Doug, you're currently teaching your
course. Are you Is there another coming
up or is there some way people can stay
in touch with you?
>> Uh, I will have another cohort in I it's
currently marked as June. might get
bumped plus or minus a month, but so my
course is called Cheetah Search with
agents and it's everything that helps
you with search around LLM and agents
and uh covers everything from just
taking an LLM to help take apart a query
to for traditional search to LLM as a
judge in search to all this agentic
stuff and then also how do we use code
think tools like claude code to build
search code Because as someone posted on
Twitter today, something I feel like
I've known for a while just being in the
search space is like really a lot of
these code AI coding tools are actually
more can be better thought of as model
fitting than they can be thought of as
uh as like just code generation, right?
And if you're doing work around uh
search, doing that kind of code
generation to build a better search
ranker is can be a really powerful way
of doing that. But it it's a different
thing than building like your node
application. So yeah, I'm doing that.
And then uh next month I'm doing AI
powered search with trade grid sorry
which is more of the if the cheetah
search with agents is the bleeding edge
AI powered search is more foundational
stuff in the last decade or so of how
just search has been developed like the
core skills you need to be a search
person. Oh boy something. Okay I I
canceled a sneeze somehow. That's the
first time that's ever happened.
>> So definitely check me out. I'm I'm
software Doug on Maven.
Maven.comsoftware.
>> Awesome. Thank you all for joining.
Thanks for the great questions. We'll
respond to the ones we haven't as of yet
in Discord. And most of all, thanks Doug
for coming and sharing all your hard
earned wis wisdom and expertise with us.
>> Thank you. Thanks for everyone for
coming.
>> Great. Hope to see you all soon. Ciao.
>> Take care.